today we're going to take a look at how
we can use our smartphone as an LCD
BacPac just using a velcro strap now
what do we need to make this smartphone
backpack now first you're going to need
to the cheap case for your smartphone
this for attaching a velcro and then we
got the velcro itself with some tape on
the other side and finally we got the
waterproof bag door for the GoPro so
we're going to do is we're going to use
the soft sided velcro and attach it to
the back door
and by taking two pieces we can cover up
the whole surface and then we simply
attach the two pieces to the back door
you also want to make sure you don't get
too close to the clip before closing
your case
now we got the back door covered so
let's get over to our case for the
smartphone now again here we want to
make sure we hold the smartphone case so
we can easily close the housing of the
GoPro and we're just going to mark where
we can stick velcro
all that's left now is repeat the
process with rough sides of the velcro
so now we are finished and we can use
our smartphone as an LCD BacPac so
wherever you are you just take your
velcro back door and attached to the
case and then it's just simply attaching
a smartphone case with smartphone to a
GoPro camera and we got a nice LCD
BacPac and now let's take a look at how
it's working we make sure we are
connected to the right network and then
we're going to fire up the GoPro app
there you have your own homemade LCD
BacPac by using your own smartphone
although i don't recommend using this in
high action sports you can use this with
a high protection case for your
smartphone if you want to do the trick
this would be ideally for a handheld
camera so you can align your shots the
way you want so last tip of the day this
would be very easy to change your
settings and if you're in a hurry this
will help you get that shot very easy
and very quickly so if you like this
video just leave a thumbs up or if you
have any more questions just leave them
in the comments below please check out
my channel and subscribe if you like and
otherwise you can find me on google+
facebook or instagram please check out
my other fits as well and cheers see you
later at lucky studios
you